If I only had 10 minutes per day to
spend on Instagram, here is exactly what
I would do. I have built a sevenfigure
business 100% through Instagram and I
spend less than half an hour per day on
the app. And so today in this episode,
I'm going to share with you exactly what
I do to save time on Instagram. Because
the reality is, no one wants to spend
their entire life scrolling on
Instagram. And if you are a content
creator who's trying to grow on
Instagram or maybe on Instagram and some
other platforms, or if you're a business
owner who's trying to build their brand,
their customer base, and make more sales
on social media, you don't want to have
to spend all day on Instagram. And I
have good news for you. You don't have
to. It is a myth that you have to spend
all day on Instagram. It's a myth that
you even have to spend an hour a day on
Instagram. You can get away with only
spending a few minutes every single day
on the platform. And in today's episode,
I'm going to share with you the exact
systems, strategies, and techniques that
I use to work smarter and more
efficiently so that I can post over 250
times per month on Instagram alone
without spending more than an hour. In
fact, without having to spend more than
10 minutes per day on the platform,
before we get into the actual
time-saving strategies, I think it's
important to go over some timewasting
strategies. And these are time wasting
strategies that aren't just doom
scrolling. Of course, doom scrolling is
a waste of time. And for those of you
who don't know what doom scrolling is,
it's when you just scroll endlessly
forever for hours on end, mindlessly
watching real after real. Of course,
yes, that is a time waster, but that's a
time waster that you know is a time
waster. So, I have four other time
wasters that you might be surprised to
learn are actually not worth your time.
They're not actually going to help you
despite what you may have heard in the
past and maybe even what you may have
heard from other social media experts.
The first time waster is engaging with
other accounts. I asked Adam Moseri
about this in my interview with him
earlier this year and he started
laughing as I was asking the question
which surprised me because within the
world of social media coaches you often
hear you need to engage before 10
minutes before posting. the more active
you are on the platform, the better
results you will get. And he started
laughing and said, "No, the algorithm
will not directly reward your use." That
means that spending 30 minutes or 15
minutes or spending any amount of time
liking other people's posts and leaving
comments and sending people direct
messages will not have a direct
algorithmic benefit to your account. So
to say it another way, you do not have
to spend time engaging with other people
on Instagram. Now there is also a human
nature element. While the algorithm
might not reward you for engaging with
other people, it is human nature that if
you comment on someone's post, they
might be interested in checking out your
post. If you send someone a direct
message, they might be curious as to
what you're up to and they might click
on your profile. And there is definitely
something to be said about being social
in general and building community,
networking with people, connecting with
people. That definitely in the long run
can be a beneficial strategy. And it's
absolutely true that if you spend some
time interacting with people, leaving
thoughtful comments, answering people's
questions, people will appreciate that
and they're more likely to leave a
comment in the future. But I want to be
explicitly clear that you do not have
to. So, if you ever have a great post
that you're ready to post, an idea that
you're super excited about, I would much
rather have you post and ghost than not
at all. Posting and ghosting is
something that has long been taught to
be a big no no on social media,
specifically on Instagram. The idea was
that if you posted and then you ghosted
your audience, you just didn't engage,
you didn't stay active on the platform,
that then the Instagram algorithm would
pick up on that and it would show your
post to less people. That is absolutely
not true. And so that's why I say if you
have a great post ready to go, if you're
ready to post your reel, if you have an
idea that you just made, even if you
don't have time to respond to comments
and stay active and stay social, I would
still rather have you post it than not
post it at all. With that being said,
Instagram is still a social media.
Keyword, first word being social. And
your followers for the most part are
still real human beings. And so I want
you to think about it this way. If you
went to a coffee shop and you
complimented the barista on their
sweater and they just looked at you and
they didn't respond, what's the
likelihood that you're ever going to say
something to that barista again? Heck,
what's the likelihood that you're ever
even going to go to that coffee shop
again? There is absolutely power in
treating people like people, in building
genuine relationships and community. And
so, while you do not have to spend any
time engaging with people, it can be
beneficial to network in general. If you
are super short on time, which I'm
guessing you are because that's why you
clicked on this video, then here is the
order of priorities in terms of what
comments or what messages or what sort
of interaction I would prioritize first
to least. First and foremost, I would
respond to direct messages. Now, if
someone sent me the heart eyes emoji or
they gave me a thumbs up, I might not
necessarily respond to that. Maybe I'll
say thank you super quickly. But the DMs
that I would most prioritize responding
to are the direct messages where people
are asking a question, where they're
inquiring about a product, or where they
just need some help with Instagram.
Responding to direct messages is the
most mediarich form of interpersonal
connection that we can have on
Instagram. Pro tip, when you open up
your Instagram DMs, you can actually
filter based off of unread and/or
unanswered direct messages. I find this
super helpful because then I don't have
to scroll through and look for all of my
unread DMs. I can just filter it and
then there they all are in one succinct
inbox and I can respond to my messages
there. The second area of Instagram that
I would prioritize interacting with if I
have the time to do so is responding to
comments. Comments like DMs are people
reaching out, people asking questions,
people complimenting you. And leaving
those people on red, so to speak, by not
responding to them isn't always the best
look. Especially because comments are
public facing, meaning that anyone else
who looks at your post or who views your
comment section will see your comments.
And so by responding to other people,
not only will the people who left the
comment appreciate it, but other people
will see that you are responding and
they will appreciate that as well. So
after your direct messages, your
comments are the next area that I would
recommend responding to. After that, the
third biggest priority, which is also
the second lowest priority, is sending
DMs to other people. Now, I wouldn't
recommend going to a bunch of your
random followers pages and sending them
random DMs or even cold DMing people. I
do not teach cold DMing, and I don't
believe that sending cold DMs, which by
the way, cold DMs is when you just
message someone out of the blue with a
sales pitch trying to get them to buy
your product. It's basically the social
media equivalent of a door-to-door
salesman. I don't recommend that. But
what I do recommend is engaging with
your community. The people who you
follow and then they probably follow you
back. The people who might also be in
the same industry or niche as you who
you want to build a collaborative
relationship with. Hyping other people
up, being other people's cheerleaders,
and supporting others is one of the best
things we can do on social media. And I
believe that the more frustrated we get
with Instagram, the more down in the
dumps Instagram gets us. The way to
combat that is actually not to get more
views and engagement on our own posts. I
mean, yeah, that helps, but the way that
we can actually combat that is to give
more views and engagement and direct
messages and compliments and comments on
other people's posts. Now, of course,
this goes against the whole 10 minutes a
day thing. And so, that's why I said
this is not a high priority, but if you
have extra time, well, then you could
spend that time sending other people
direct messages. And then last and least
on the list, the lowest priority thing
that I would recommend doing is
commenting on other people's posts.
Again, leaving thoughtful comments,
asking questions, and just trying to
genuinely build relationships in the
comment section. That is the fourth and
lowest item that I would put on the
priority list. Notice I didn't mention
liking other people's posts, saving
other people's posts. While that can
definitely be a way to be social and a
way to interact and support others, if
you're spending 30 minutes a day liking
a bunch of potential customers posts,
it's not going to get you anywhere. The
juice is just not worth the squeeze.
Your time would be much better spent on
other areas, which we're going to get
to. But again, all of this is to say you
do not have to spend any time engaging.
You could never open the Instagram app.
You could schedule all of your posts
outside of Instagram and never even open
the Instagram app and you could still
successfully grow your following. The
second time waster is related to the
first and it's just your total time
spent on Instagram. For quite a while,
there has been a misconception that the
more time you spend on Instagram, the
better the algorithm will treat you.
Basically, you get on the algorithm's
good side. Instagram is happy that you
are spending six hours a day on
Instagram and so they're going to show
your posts to other people. That's just
not true. In fact, according to Adam
Moseri in my conversation with him, the
algorithm doesn't care how much time you
spend and it actually, this might blow
your mind, the algorithm doesn't care
who you are engaging with. So, if all of
my posts are about how to grow on
Instagram, but the only posts I engage
with are football videos and
snowboarding videos, the algorithm
doesn't care. The algorithm doesn't get
confused and say, "Oh, well, should we
show this guy's post to other people who
are into football and snowboarding?" No,
there is a separate algorithm that
determines what you are shown versus who
sees your post. Separate algorithms.
They don't cross over. They don't talk
to each other. They don't interact. So
you are free to engage with whatever
kinds of accounts you want, whatever
topics you are into, whatever industries
or niches you like to follow, you are
free to engage with and follow those and
you are free to spend as much or as
little time as you want on Instagram and
the algorithm will not care. The third
time waster is being taught as an
Instagram hack, but it's actually
something that is not only going to
waste your time, but could actually
significantly hurt your account's
chances of growing in the future. And
that time waster is removing spam
followers or even worse removing
inactive followers. There is this
practice that has grown over the last
few years on Instagram where people will
either manually or automatically using
illegal thirdparty tools scrape their
followers and basically have these tools
or or do it manually themselves. Look
for followers who look spammy. They look
inauthentic. Maybe they're followers who
don't look like they should be in your
target audience. Like if your target
audience was young men and a woman
followed you, they would have you block
this person or remove them from your
list of followers. This is not helpful.
And in fact, there are some studies that
suggest that this is actually harmful
for your account because the algorithm
doesn't recognize that it's a spam
follower that you removed. The algorithm
just looks at it's a follower you lost.
It's a follower you removed. It's one
less person following you. And so I do
not recommend spending even a
millisecond of your time caring about
spam followers, people who have
unfollowed you. There's also this
practice of like you should never follow
someone who isn't also following you.
What the heck is that? No. If you like
someone's content, follow them. If you
don't like their content, don't follow
them. But you shouldn't be following
someone just because they're following
you. So you do not need to waste any
time removing spam or robot or nonidal,
non-targeted followers. Complete waste
of time. And along those same lines,
removing bad posts from the past is not
something that I would recommend. I
recommend that all of your feed posts be
related to your niche. So, every real,
photo, and carousel that you post to
your feed should in some way be related
to your niche with maybe a few
exceptions here or there. So, with that
being said, if you're trying to grow an
Instagram account about rock climbing
and today you posted a picture of the
pizza that you had for lunch, I would
recommend archiving that post because
it's totally unrelated. But if you have
a post from a few weeks or a few months
ago that's not niche related, or maybe
it just didn't perform very well. It was
niche related, but it just didn't get
very many likes or views, well then
don't remove it. Don't waste your time
caring about that post. Learn from it
and prove it for the future. You never
know if it's going to pick up views or
go viral weeks or months after it was
posted, but don't waste your time
worrying about it. It's like an essay
that you've already written and
submitted to the teacher. You don't
submit an essay to your teacher and then
continue editing it and revising it.
It's submitted. It's done. Learn from
the teacher's feedback. And in the
Instagram's case, the teacher's feedback
is the amount of views and engagement
that you received. learn from those
things and improve your next paper. But
don't worry about going back and
revising or editing what you've made in
the past. And then finally, last but not
least, I guarantee this is the biggest
time waster of all. This is the one that
plagues so many people who are watching
and or listening today, and it's
overthinking your damn content. Stop
stressing out so much over everything
that you post. Let me ask you this. Have
you ever made a post that you thought
was really good? A post that you thought
was going to go viral? A post that you
thought was super entertaining? it was
hilarious and oh, this is going to be
the one. But then you posted it and it
flopped. It did horribly. It maybe got
your least views of the week or the
month. Yeah, that happens to me. That
happens to every content creator. And
the reason for that, not to get too
sciency or to get too philosophical on
you, but the reason for that is that
your ego gets too involved. The reason
for that is that you spend so much time
thinking about and planning and editing
and revising the post that you think
it's going to do well. But the more time
you spend editing and revising and
critiquing and changing your post, the
less authentic it becomes. I did an
episode a few weeks ago about the new
kind of content that is really
performing well on Instagram. It was an
entire episode dedicated to this idea of
raw, authentic, in the- moment content
and how that content is outperforming
the rest. That content that is also the
easiest to make is the content that is
getting the most views, the most
engagement, and the most connection
right now. So, if you haven't, I highly
recommend going back and checking out
that episode. But the TLDDR, the short
version of it is stop overthinking your
content. Stop spending hours editing and
refining it. Unless you are someone who
is committed to creating cinematic
highquality A+ Hollywood level content
every single time, then I wouldn't waste
even 5 minutes editing and refining and
trying to make your post perfect. A post
that is posted is a million times better
than a post that is perfect because
there's no such thing as a perfect post.
So, you could spend hours trying to make
it perfect. All you're going to do is
burn yourself out. One of my hot takes
or unpopular opinions is that burnout
isn't caused by overposting or posting
too much. Burnout is actually caused by
overthinking, overanalyzing, and then
you finally do post and it doesn't do
well. And that's frustrating. And that
feedback loop is what leads creators and
business owners to burning out. So
again, that final time waster that you
need to commit to stop doing is
overthinking your posts. Just press
post. So, with all that being said, how
do you actually save time? How do you
actually grow on Instagram in less than
10 minutes per day? You post. Now, there
are nuances to that and we're going to
talk about those, but at the bottom
line, if you aren't posting, you aren't
growing. For years, I have been saying
the more you post, the more you grow.
There is a direct correlation between
post frequency and growth rate. The more
you post, the faster you will grow.
Buffer even recently put out a study
where they analyzed two million profiles
and it confirmed what I've been saying
for years. The more you post, the more
you grow. Now, with that being said,
sustainability should be your focus. And
what I mean by that is if you get super
fired up, you watch a bunch of YouTube
videos, you get a bunch of ideas, and
you post three times today and three
times tomorrow and three times the next
day, you're going to burn yourself out
really quickly. And so, instead of
focusing on random bursts of
hyperactivity,
focus on what you can sustain. It's that
old adage of slow and steady wins the
race. Slow and steady does win the race.
But guess what? Fast and steady wins the
race even faster. And so I want you, and
we're about to talk about some
strategies to work smarter, to work more
efficiently, so you don't have to spend
as much time, but you can still post
more. But with all that being said,
focus on what you can sustain. And
that's going to be different based off
of who you are, the season of life and
business that you're in, your
capabilities, your resources, your years
of practice, or maybe your days of
practice. It's going to vary based off
of a lot of different variables, but at
the end of the day, figure out the
baseline that you can sustain. Maybe
it's one post a day. And then challenge
yourself to post more. Challenge
yourself to post instead of seven times
a week, 10 times a week. So every other
day you're posting a second time. and
then you'll find ways to post 14 times a
week. So now you're at two times a day.
And I know this sounds crazy. I know
it's like, oh my gosh, I'll never get to
that number. But with some of the
systems that we teach in the Insta Club,
with some of the strategies that I'm
about to share with you in this episode,
I hope that you can see that it's
possible. It's realistic. Maybe not
immediately today, but with practice and
with time, you'll eventually get to the
stage where you're posting four times a
day and you're not even breaking a sweat
and you're not spending more than 10
minutes a day on Instagram. But let's
get into those nuances. Let's get into
what should your posts look like if your
goal is growth. Yes, the more you post,
the more you grow. But the best kind of
post in order to grow. The best kind of
post to reach more people is what I call
shareworthy content. Shareworthy content
doesn't take a rocket scientist to
figure this one out is the content that
is worthy of being shared. Basically,
the posts that are worthy of being sent
from one person to another, from one of
your viewers to one of their friends,
their followers, their lovers, their
friends, whatever, that is shareworthy
content. Now, a few weeks ago, I did an
entire episode that goes indepth into
shareworthy content. But since that
episode has aired, I have recently come
up with an acronym to help you remember
what is shareworthy. The acronym is
share. S H A R E. And the S stands for
simple. Shareworthy content is rarely
complex, highly edited. It's also rarely
content that is very intricate or
tutorialbased. It's rarely like a very
educational tip and lesson. It's simple.
It's easy to understand. It has some
mass appeal. The H in the acronym stands
for hook. And not just any hook, a
strong hook. The stronger your hook is,
the more likely someone is to watch and
the more likely someone is to share. I
feel like a broken record right now, but
a few weeks ago, I did an entire episode
on creating better hooks. Better hooks
help you get more shares. The A in the
acronym stands for authentic. And
authenticity is kind of this buzzword
that's going around social media right
now where everyone's telling you be
authentic. Be authentic. But what does
it mean? It means be yourself. That's
also not helpful. What does this mean?
It means practically stop editing your
content so much. The faster that you can
get from idea to post, the better. The
smaller the time frame from the
inception of the post, the first spark
of idea to actually filming it and
posting it, the better. The more
authentic it will be. Think about it
this way. If we were sitting in a room
together, that's the most authentic
version of me that you could get, right?
I can't filter it. I can't edit it.
Sure, I could lie, but at the end of the
day, that's as authentic as it gets. The
next layer of authenticity would be if I
was going live. We might not be sitting
in a room together, but I'm live
streaming. So, I can't edit it. I can't,
you know, change my words. I can't go
back and revise something. What you see
is what you get. I get a little bit of
say as the creator in terms of like what
you see and what's on the screen, but
it's pretty authentic. The next layer
after that would be the actual video
content that you're posting, like a
real. But the more time you spend
editing, the farther you get from that
authentic moment. And so again, to
create more shareworthy content, lean
into authenticity. The R in the share
acronym stands for relatability.
Relatability is something that we all
want, but it's something that can often
seem mystical and and magical and hard
to obtain. Here's my tip. Relatability
comes from specificity. Often times when
we're trying to be relatable, we make
our content more vague, more watered
down, more vanilla, thinking that it'll
appeal to more people. More people will
understand it if I'm more general with
my content. When actually the opposite
is true. Relatability comes from
specificity. The more specific you can
get, the more relatable your content
will be. The more specific circumstances
or moments or thoughts that you can
include in your posts, in your
storytelling or in your captions, the
more relatable your post will be
overall. Because rather than someone
saying, "Yeah, I can kind of see what
that's like. Yeah, I guess. I mean,
we've all felt that way." They are
thinking, "Oh my gosh, I thought I was
the only person in the world who had
this thought. Oh my gosh, I thought I
was the only person who didn't like that
movie. Oh my gosh, I thought I was the
only person whose boyfriend did this.
When you get that specific, people react
that much stronger and that makes them
more likely to share. And then the E
stands for entertaining. Just last week
on this podcast, I put out an episode
with the head of Instagram for business
where he said that brands need to think
of themselves as entertainers first.
Educational content has value. Quick
tips are great. Storytelling is cool,
but at the end of the day, social media
is about entertainment now more than
ever before. And I know that this isn't
probably what you want to hear. But I'm
not telling you you need to be like some
dancing, juggling clown. You need to,
you know, be wild or be extravagant on
social media. I'm not saying that. But
what I am saying is you need to think
about entertainment first and foremost.
And one way that you can prioritize
entertainment in your content is to
start with your ideal audience in mind.
Start with your target follower in mind
and just ask yourself, would this even
make sense to them? If it would make
sense, would they be interested in
watching this? Would they continue to
watch and watch all the way to the end?
Does it solve one of their problems?
Does it keep them locked in? Does it
have quick cuts or is it just one long,
boring video? Making entertainment one
of the focuses within your content
creation will help you create more
shareworthy content and help you get
more views. Timesaver number two is my
all-time favorite. It's one that I use
every single day and it's one that I
wish every single brand and business
owner would recognize its power and it's
what I call upycling. Upycling is a term
that I use to refer to the practice of
taking a post that you have previously
made and previously posted. So something
that you posted maybe a few months or
even a few weeks ago and then either
posting it a second time. So literally I
posted this video back in July. I'm
going to post it again today. Same
caption, same everything. Or taking that
post from a few weeks or months ago and
maybe slightly modifying it, tweaking
it, changing the caption a little bit,
maybe refilming it but with the same
script and posting it again. This idea
of upycling is how I'm able to post so
much because again, I'm a business owner
and first and foremost, I see myself as
a business owner, as an entrepreneur,
not as a content creator. I have a
million other things to do in the day
besides make a new reel. But I'm still
able to post 250 pieces of content on
Instagram alone per month because
twothirds of my posts, if not more,
sometimes up to 75% of my posts are
upcycled. Meaning that up to 75% up to
three out of four of my posts per day
are posts that have either already been
posted or they've already been posted
and now they're just slightly modified
and then posted a second time. The
algorithm does not care. It's your
content. I actually spoke directly with
Instagram staff about this topic and
your posts are your posts. You're free
to post them over and over again. Now,
they don't recommend posting the exact
same post every single day or every
single week, but once it's been even
just a few weeks, you are free and clear
to post your own content again. You own
the right to it. It's not stolen content
or copied content. Some people are
concerned that the algorithm will deem
it as lowquality because an identical
version has already been posted. None of
that is true. You are free to post your
own post as much as you want. So once
it's been at least 3 or 4 weeks, knock
your socks off. Take your posts from a
month or so ago and post them again or
recreate them and post it a second time.
The thought behind this is that most of
your followers didn't see it the first
time. I hear it every single day. Why
aren't my followers seeing my post?
Well, if your followers aren't seeing
your post, you might as well post it
again a month from now and maybe it'll
reach some more of them or maybe it'll
reach a different segment of them. A
common concern that I get when I bring
up this topic is, "But what if they
know?" Well, don't flatter yourself. The
average person sees about 10,000 posts a
day. 10,000 posts a day. And so if you
post something today and then you post
the exact same thing 2 months from now,
well then they've seen 10,000 posts a
day for 60 days. That means they've seen
more than half a million posts between
the time that they saw your post the
first time and the second time. They're
not going to remember it. There is a
small chance, a 1% chance, let's call
it, of people who do remember it. And
those people who remember it probably
remember it because it was that good. It
was that funny. It was that impactful.
The story and the message was that
strong that it really resonated and
stuck with them. And guess what? They
probably wouldn't mind seeing it again.
I bet you have rewatched your favorite
movie more than once. I doubt you just
watched it once and you've never seen it
again. The point is, if they remember
it, it's because it was that good and
they wouldn't mind seeing it again. But
everyone else, the other 99% of people,
they don't remember seeing it in the
first place. and so you might as well
post it again and get more bang for your
buck. The third timesaving strategy is
to use AI. Whether it's Chatbt or
Munchge or some video editing tool or
the Brockbot, I'll tell you about that
in just a second. Using AI is a powerful
tool. Would I ever recommend using AI to
100% create all of your content from
start to finish? No, probably not. And
within a few weeks here on the podcast,
I'm going to put out an episode about
all of my favorite AI tools and how I
use them specifically to create more
posts in less time. But the bottom line
is use AI to refine your ideas, to
duplicate your ideas, to expand on your
ideas, to take what your brain already
has and multiply it so that you can work
smarter and not harder. Now, the
Brockbot that I just mentioned to you,
I'll quickly tell you about that. The
Brockbot is kind of like chat GPT with
my brain. So, it's like if my brain
chatbt had a baby and it created this
chatbot Instagram strategist. It's a
generative chatbased AI, which basically
means you chat with it just like you
would with chat GPT. You get to talk to
it, ask it questions, give it your
content, ask for feedback, and that sort
of stuff. But instead of Chat GPT, which
is a jack of all trades, master of none.
Also, just so you know, Chat GBT gets
the majority of its information from
Reddit and Wikipedia, the Brockbot gets
all of its information from me. It gets
all of its information from this
podcast, from the Insta Club trainings,
from my social media posts, and even
from my private notes that I use for my
one-on-one coaching clients. All of that
is included in the Brockbot. I'll put
the link for the Brockbot down in the
show notes below because it's been a
really useful tool, and it's only been
out for a few weeks now, and I've
received a lot of messages from people
sending me super kind, thrilled messages
about the results that they're getting
using the Brockbot. So, I'll put that in
the show notes down below so you can
learn more about how to get access to
the Brockbot at half the price or
actually less than half the price of
Chat GPT. Time-saving strategy number
four is that success leaves clues.
Rather than constantly trying to
reinvent the wheel and come up with a
brand new post from scratch every single
time, yes, you could repost, which we
already talked about. you could upcycle
your content from the past. But also, I
want you to get in the habit of
consciously consuming. At the very
beginning of today's episode, I talked
to you about mindless consumption, doom
scrolling, scrolling for hours and hours
and hours, just mindlessly watching
videos. I want you to get in the habit
of consciously consuming. And what I
mean by that is every single video that
you watch, you can learn from. If it's a
good video, one that like grabbed your
attention, ask yourself why. Why was the
hook so strong? What did they do? What
was the visual? What was the sound
effect? What were the closed captions
like? What was the topic like? How short
was it? How long was it? How long was
each scene? There's so many little
pieces, little clues, little moments,
and edits and elements within every
single video that you can learn from. On
the other hand, there's also videos that
were boring. Videos that you watched for
two seconds, then you scrolled. Just ask
yourself before you start getting
engaged with the next video that you
just scrolled to, why did that last one
bore me? Why was I not interested? Why
was it not engaging to me? And you can
learn from those things to improve your
content quicker than you ever could just
posting things on your own.
Additionally, you can get so many ideas
from what everyone else is posting.
Don't just rely on your own brain for
ideas. Rely on the ideas of the masses.
My pro tip for you here is to think
outside of the box. And what I mean by
that is think outside of your industry.
Don't just look at what other people who
do what you do post. If you're a real
estate agent, don't just look at what
other real estate agents post. If you're
a fitness creator, don't just look at
what other fitness creators post. Follow
people outside of your niche. Pay
attention to your interests and hobbies
outside of what you post about. And I
bet you'll get a lot of creative ideas
that you can take from, let's say, the
gardening industry and you could apply
to your own content in the fitness
industry. Again, I'm not recommending
that you ever steal posts or word for
word copy someone else or rip someone
off, but what I am saying is that
inspiration is everywhere if you just
practice looking for it. And then my
final time-saving tip to help you grow
on Instagram in less time is to use
trial reels. Trial reels are a feature
that has been on Instagram since
December of 2024, and everyone should
have access to it by now, but I know
that there are definitely some people
watching and listening who don't have
access. There's nothing you can do to
get it. Sure, you could update your
phone, update the app, but that probably
won't work if we're being honest. So,
just cross your fingers and hope that
you get it eventually. But when you do,
trial reels are a kind of post that only
reach nonfollowers. So that means that
they will never spam or overwhelm your
existing followers because they'll never
even be seen by your existing followers.
Your existing followers can't find them.
They don't show up on your profile. They
are just a kind of post that is shown to
new people, new potential followers,
potential customers. Now, I did an
experiment that kind of got me in
trouble a few months ago where I tried
to post 100 trial reels in a day. In
that process, I posted a video about it,
by the way. In that process, we found
that there was a limit of 25 trial reels
per day. Since then, the limit has even
shrunk for some accounts down to five
trial reels per day. So, I hope that you
can post more. But as a safeguard, I
wouldn't recommend posting more than
five trial reels a day. But because
trial reels are such a powerful hack for
reaching new potential followers, might
as well take advantage of it and post
those five trial reels a day. Now, in
terms of best practices, what should you
be posting? Because I know you're like,
"Wait, Brock, I'm supposed to be saving
time and you just told me in addition to
my normal posting, I'm supposed to make
five more posts a day." Don't worry.
When you are posting your trial reels, I
don't want you to be creating a new reel
every single time. You could, but that
wouldn't really fit under the title of
this video. That wouldn't save you time.
Instead, what I want you to do is
recreate your best performing reels from
the past. Not directly upcycle and
repost. This is different than the
upycling strategy. I don't want you to
take a reel that you have previously
posted and it did well and just post the
exact same thing as a trial reel. But
what I do want is for you to take that
reel that you already posted that did
well and create a slightly modified
version. Maybe just a few words changed
here or there, slightly different edit,
slightly different caption, minor
changes, right? It's already worked. The
idea has already been proven to be
engaging and effective. So just create a
slightly modified version and post five
of those per day as trial reels. If you
only have 10 minutes per day on
Instagram, you need to focus the
majority of your time, energy, and
effort on posting. Spend a few of those
10 minutes, maybe two or three, posting
your trial reels, posting the reels that
you've recreated and you're going to
post as a trial reel. And spend the rest
of your time posting high quality
shareworthy content. Because ultimately,
the more you post, the more you grow.
And it is posting that will lead to
growth. not engaging, not commenting,
not sending random DMs, not liking a
bunch of people's stories. It is posting
that will lead to growth. Thank you so
much for being here and as always, happy
networking.